PP-10584 add settings widget docs (#1507)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/extending-agent-app/products-sdk/agent-app-sdk/index.mdx

</CodeSample>

## Settings widgets

If you want to connect a Settings widget to the LiveChat App, you should use the `createSettingsWidget` function. It returns a promise resolving to a Settings widget instance.

<Code>
<CodeSample path={'SETTINGS WIDGETS'}>

```js
import { createSettingsWidget } from "@livechat/agent-app-sdk";

createSettingsWidget().then(widget => {
  // build your logic around the widget
});
```

</CodeSample>
</Code>

### Events

#### `page_data`

Emitted when the widget is initialized. The handler will get the main window page data object as an argument.

Listen for the page data changes:

<Code>
<CodeSample path={'PAGE_DATA'}>

```js
widget.on("page_data", pageData => {
  // read the page data
});
```

</CodeSample>
</Code>

### Methods

#### Get page data

> Gets the most recently recorded main window page data and returns the `IPageData` object (identical to the one emitted by the `page_data` event). If no data was recorded, it returns null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets the most recently recorded main window page data and returns the `IPageData` object (identical to the one emitted by the `page_data` event). If no data was recorded, it returns `null`.
```

Reviewer: I now noticed other nulls on the page are as snippets as well, so just this one small change and I'll merge the PR 🙏

Author: 116a26eb652fbf852616baa506c9451b12048e14

</CodeSample>

## Settings widgets

> If you want to connect a Settings widget to the LiveChat Agent App, you should use the `createSettingsWidget` function. It returns a promise resolving to a Settings widget instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to connect a Settings widget to the LiveChat App, you should use the `createSettingsWidget` function. It returns a promise resolving to a Settings widget instance.
```

Author: 9304fdfe99adbde9b902385cc7cdae59b4d4bc4d

<Code>
<CodeSample path={'SETTINGS WIDGETS'}>

```js
import { createSettingsWidget } from "@livechat/agent-app-sdk";

createSettingsWidget().then(widget => {
  // build your logic around the widget
});
```

</CodeSample>
</Code>

### Events

#### `page_data`

> Emitted when widget in initialized. The handler will get the main window page data object as an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emitted when the widget is initialized. The handler will get the main window page data object as an argument.
```

Author: 9304fdfe99adbde9b902385cc7cdae59b4d4bc4d

Listen for the page data changes:

<Code>
<CodeSample path={'PAGE_DATA'}>

```js
widget.on("page_data", pageData => {
  // read the page data
});
```

</CodeSample>
</Code>

### Methods

> - [Get page data](#get-page-data)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: 9304fdfe99adbde9b902385cc7cdae59b4d4bc4d

> - [redirect](#redirect)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Get page data

> Gets the main window page data recorded most recently. Returns the `IPageData` object, which is identical to the one emitted by the `page_data` event or null (if no data were registered).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets the most recently recorded main window page data and returns the `IPageData` object (identical to the one emitted by the `page_data` event). If no data was recorded, it returns null.
```

Reviewer: also, is the `IPageData` correct?

Author: It's correct - https://github.com/livechat/products-sdk/blob/master/packages/agent-app-sdk/src/widgets/shared/page-data.ts#L3

Author: 9304fdfe99adbde9b902385cc7cdae59b4d4bc4d - fixed copy

<CodeSample path={'GET PAGE DATA'}>

```js
widget.getPageData();
```

</CodeSample>

#### Redirect

> Redirects using the main window. Calling this method will send postmessage to Agent App, witch will be handled there. After that, redirect using window object is performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redirects using the main window. Calling this method will send `postmessage` to the LiveChat App, which will be handled there. After that, a redirect using a window object is performed.
```

Reviewer: what purpose does `postmessage` serve here? Shouldn't it be `postMessage` as well?

Author: It's an util allowing the iframed app communicate with parent (Agent App)
https://github.com/livechat/products-sdk/blob/67928fbdfbc20a85b98a75645464c60dabb8f381/packages/widget-core-sdk/src/connection/driver.ts#L29

Author: 9304fdfe99adbde9b902385cc7cdae59b4d4bc4d - fixed copy
